Agent version (#6129)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/faq/agent-downgrade-major.md

4. Follow the prompts, accept the license agreement, and enter your [Datadog API key][3].
5. When the install finishes, you are given the option to launch the Datadog Agent Manager.

**Note**: Links to all available versions of the Windows Installer are [provided in JSON format][4].

[1]: /agent/faq/how-do-i-uninstall-the-agent
[2]: https://ddagent-windows-stable.s3.amazonaws.com/datadog-agent-6-latest.amd64.msi
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api
[4]: https://s3.amazonaws.com/ddagent-windows-stable/installers.json
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "MacOS" %}}

First, [uninstall Agent v7 from your system][1].

Then, if you followed the instructions to [upgrade from v6 to v7][2], run the Agent installation command with the environment variable `DD_AGENT_MAJOR_VERSION=6` in order to downgrade your Agent from version 7 to version 6:

```shell
DD_AGENT_MAJOR_VERSION=6 DD_API_KEY="<DATADOG_API_KEY>" bash -c "$(curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/master/cmd/agent/install_mac_os.sh)"
```

[1]: /agent/faq/how-do-i-uninstall-the-agent
[2]: /agent/versions/upgrade_to_agent_v6
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Downgrade the Agent from v6 to v5

> This guide assumes you upgraded to the Agent v6 using our [upgrade guide][1], choose your OS to see the detailed instructions on how to downgrade your Agent from version 6 to version 5:

Reviewer: Note: the v6 -> v5 downgrade instructions currently do not work, as they expect the v6 repo to be in a `datadog-beta.list` (or `datadog-beta.repo`) file, which was only the case when v6 was still in beta.
This should be fixed in another PR.

> This guide assumes you upgraded to the Agent v6 using our [upgrade guide][1], choose your OS to see the detailed instructions on how to downgrade your Agent from version 6 to version 5:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide assumes you upgraded to the Agent v6 using the [upgrade guide][1]. If so, choose your OS to see the detailed instructions on how to downgrade your Agent from version 6 to version 5:
```
